
# Terms of Service

The following terms and conditions govern all use of the {{page.company}} websites and all content, services and products available at or through the websites, hereafter known as The Website. The Website is operated by {{page.company}}. The Website is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, {{page.company}}’s Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by {{page.company}} (collectively, the “Agreement”).  For the purposes of this agreement “Site” is defined as the Bowtie facilitated internet presence of {{page.company}} which is then solely responsible for all end-user interactions.

Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by {{page.company}}, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. The Website is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old.

All terms of service are for the operation of the Site by {{page.company}} for their users. Any disputes, concerns, or issues arising from this Agreement are solely between {{page.company}} and it’s users. Seed Worthy maintains the relationship as defined in it’s terms of service with {{page.company}} and is not responsible for and is fully indemnified against any acts or interactions between {{page.company}} and it’s users.

1. Your {{page.company}} Account. If you create an Account, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken therein
1. Responsibility of Site or content creator. If you have an Account or provide content to a Site, comment on a blog, post material to the Website, post links on the Website, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of the Website (any such material, “Content”), You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, computer software, physical goods, or any other product. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that:
  1. the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
  1. you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
  1. the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;
  1. the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
  1. the Content does not contain threats or incite violence, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;
  1. your Site is not getting advertised via unwanted electronic messages such as spam links on newsgroups, email lists, other blogs and web sites, and similar unsolicited promotional methods;
  1. your Site is not named in a manner that misleads your readers into thinking that you are another person or {{page.company}}. For example, your Site’s URL or name is not the name of a person other than yourself or {{page.company}} other than your own; and
  1. you have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorized and/or described the type, nature, uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by {{page.company}} or otherwise.
  1. By submitting Content to {{page.company}} for inclusion on your Website, you grant {{page.company}} a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting your Site. If you delete Content, {{page.company}} will use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Website, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.
  1. The impact of any downloadable or software products obtained from the Site are disclaimed of any negative impact to the end-user.  All reasonable effort will go into creating a product that does not negatively impact the end-user but should any such impact occur, including but not limited to computer malfunction, security breach, loss of material, impact to other programs.  {{page.company}} and Seed Worthy disclaim all responsibility for the outcome of any application, software, or other downloadable content from the Site.
  1. Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, {{page.company}} has the right (though not the obligation) to, in {{page.company}}’s sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in {{page.company}}’s reasonable opinion, violates any {{page.company}} policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any reason, in {{page.company}}’s sole discretion. {{page.company}} will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.
1. Payment and Renewal.
  1. General Terms. Paid services may be offered to the user (“Services”). By selecting Services you agree to pay {{page.company}} the one time, monthly, or annual subscription fees indicated for that service. Payments will be charged on a pre-pay basis on the day you sign up for Services and will cover the use of that service for a monthly or annual subscription period as indicated. Services fees are not refundable.
  1. Automatic Renewal. Should there be any recurring payments, unless you notify {{page.company}} before the end of the applicable subscription period that you want to cancel Services, your Services subscription will automatically renew and you authorize us to collect the then-applicable annual or monthly subscription fee for such Services (as well as any taxes) using any credit card or other payment mechanism we have on record for you. Services can be canceled at any time in the Services section of your site’s dashboard.
1. Responsibility of Website Visitors. {{page.company}} has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating the Website, {{page.company}} does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. {{page.company}} disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
1. Content Posted on Other Websites. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which the Site links, and that link to Site. {{page.company}} does not have any control over those non-Site websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-Site website or webpage, {{page.company}} does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. {{page.company}} disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-Site websites and webpages.
1. Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy. As {{page.company}} asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by the Site violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify {{page.company}} in accordance with {{page.company}}’s Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Policy. {{page.company}} will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. {{page.company}} will terminate a visitor’s access to and use of the Site if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of {{page.company}} or others. In the case of such termination, {{page.company}} will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to {{page.company}} or Site.
1. Intellectual Property. This Agreement does not transfer from {{page.company}} to you any {{page.company}}, the Site, or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with {{page.company}}. {{page.company}}, the Site, the Website, the logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with {{page.company}}, the Site, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of {{page.company}} or {{page.company}}’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any {{page.company}} or third-party trademarks.
1. Changes. {{page.company}} reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. {{page.company}} may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
1. Termination. {{page.company}} may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your the Site account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
1. Disclaimer of Warranties. The Website is provided “as is”. {{page.company}} and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither {{page.company}} nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk.
1. Limitation of Liability. In no event will {{page.company}}, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to {{page.company}} under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. {{page.company}} shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
1. General Representation and Warranty. You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the {{page.company}} Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
1. Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless {{page.company}}, its contractors, its licensors, its service providers, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
1. Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between {{page.company}} and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and may only be modified by the posting by {{page.company}} of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the state of {{page.state}}, {{page.country}}, excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in {{page.county}} County, {{page.state}}. Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc. (“JAMS”) by three arbitrators appointed in accordance with such Rules. The arbitration shall take place in Albuquerque, New Mexico, in the English language and the arbitral decision may be enforced in any court. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; {{page.company}} may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.

# Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to us.  At {{page.company}} we have some key principles that guide our work:

1. We don’t ask you for unnecessary personal information.
1. We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.

## Website Visitors

Like most website operators, {{page.company}} collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as (but not necessarily limited to) the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. {{page.company}}’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how {{page.company}}’s visitors use its website.

## Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information

Certain visitors to {{page.company}}’s websites choose to interact with {{page.company}} in ways that require {{page.company}} to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that {{page.company}} gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. {{page.company}} does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

## Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information

{{page.company}} discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on {{page.company}}’s behalf or to provide services available at {{page.company}}’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using any of {{page.company}}’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. {{page.company}} will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, {{page.company}} discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when {{page.company}} believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of {{page.company}}, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a {{page.company}} website and have supplied your email address, {{page.company}} may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with {{page.company}} and our products. We expect to keep this type of email to a minimum.

## Cookies

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. {{page.company}} and it’s sites may use cookies to help {{page.company}} identify and track visitors, their usage of {{page.company}} and {{page.company}} websites, and their website access preferences. {{page.company}} visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using {{page.company}}’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of {{page.company}}’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

## Business Transfers

If {{page.company}}, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that {{page.company}} goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of {{page.company}} may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.

## Ads

Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by {{page.company}} and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

## Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, {{page.company}} may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in {{page.company}}’s sole discretion. {{page.company}} encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a SITE account, you should also check your dashboard for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
